ttf-babelstone-cjk contains the following fonts:

Babelstonehan:

It is a free Unicode CJK font with over 56,000 Han
characters (hanzi, kanji, hanja), and 64,973 Unicode
characters in total. It is a Song/Ming style font.
with glyphs modelled on the official character forms
used in the People's Republic of China, and is primarily
intended for writing Modern Standard Chinese,
Classical Chinese, and various Sinitic languages and dialects.
The font also includes many rare or archaic characters that are
not found in most CJK fonts, as well as many characters used for
the scholarly transcription of Early Chinese texts written on
bone, bronze, wood, bamboo, and silk.

Babelstonehan PUA:

it includes 4,444 unencoded CJK ideographs and ideographic
components in the PUA, in the range U+E080 through U+F8DF.

BabelStone Erijan 1 and 2:

BabelStone Erjian 1 and 2 are two Unicode Han fonts
using the draft second stage simplified forms of characters.
Both fonts cover 8,157 high-frequency Hanzi, comprising
8,105 Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 characters listed in
Tōngyòng Guīfàn Hànzì Zìdiǎn.and 52 other characters.
"BabelStone Erjian 1" uses second stage simplified glyph
forms for the characters listed in Table 1 only; whereas
"BabelStone Erjian 2" uses second stage simplified glyph
forms for the characters listed in Table 1 and Table 2
(where the glyph for the same character differs between
Table 1 and Table 2, the form given in Table 2 is used).

Babelstone Jurchen Scan PUA fonts:

urchen Berlin, Jurchen Tianyige, and Jurchen Toyo Bunko
are three Jurchen fonts with glyphs scanned from the
Jurchen section of three copies of the Ming dynasty Huáyí Yìyǔ.
 "Sino-Foreign Vocabulary" (i.e. the Sino-Jurchen Vocabulary).
Jurchen Berlin is derived from the manuscript copy held at the
Berlin State Library (Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin)
(pressmark Libri sin. Hirth Ms. 1);
Jurchen Tianyige is derived from the Ming dynasty
woodblock printed edition held at the Tiānyīgé
library in Níngbō (pressmark 善0376);
Jurchen Toyo Bunko is the manuscript copy held at the
Tōyō Bunko (東洋文庫) in Tokyo (presssmark XI-5-2).
There is currently no scan font for the manuscript
copy held at the National Library of China
in Běijīng (pressmark 10507). The characters are mapped
non-contiguously to the PUA at E000..E6FA
(matching the code points in my private Jurchen font).

Babelstone Khitan Large scropt PUA fonts:

it is an experimental font containing 1,469 Khitan
Large Script glyphs, mapped to the PUA at E000..E5BC.
This font is being developed as I slowly go through
all Khitan Large Script sources, and will continue to grow.
The glyphs are not ordered in the font,
but have been added sequentially as I encounter
each new character form. In addition, very many of the
glyphs are variant forms of the same character,
often trivial variants.

Babelstone Khitan small script fonts:

It  is a Unicode font supporting the 470 Khitan Small Script
characters which were encoded in Unicode version 13.0 (March 2020).
This font does not support cluster composition, but is intended
for displaying individual glyphs in horizontal linear layout
as used in Daniel Kane's The Kitan Language and Script (Brill, 2009).
This font uses a Chinese (Song/Ming) style of glyphs which is
not attested in surviving examples of Khitan
small script text (mostly epitaphs engraved on stone tablets).

It also contains font for for the thirty-six seal script style
Khitan small script characters which are engraved on the covers
for the eulogies for Emperor Daozong and Empress Xuanyi

BabelStone Naxi Dongba PUA Fonts:

It is a scan font covering 2,162 glyphs for the
Naxi Dongba (Naxi Tomba) script. The glyphs are
derived from Lǐ Líncàn's 李霖灿 Nàxīzú
xiàngxíng biāo yīn wénzì zìdiǎn 纳西族象形标音文字字典
[Naxi Pictographic Symbols Dictionary]
(Kunming: Yunnan minzu chubanshe, 2001)
[ISBN 7-5367-2126-9]. The 2,120 glyphs at E000..E849 are the main
entries in the dictionary, and the 42 glyphs at
F000..F029 are variant glyphs for some of the main entries.

Babelstone Sui (Shuishu) PUA Fonts:

These are a set of scan fonts covering Sui
(Shuishu 水书) characters listed in various
printed sources, with characters mapped to
the Unicode Private Use Area (PUA).

Babelstone Tangut Scan Fonts:

These are a set of fonts covering Tangut glyphs from
various sources, mapped to the PUA. The fonts were created
from scanned images of the source glyphs, and the quality
of the resultant font glyphs is generally quite poor. These fonts
are not intended for use in typesetting Tangut text, but were
created in order to facilitate mapping of Tangut characters
between sources.

BabelStone Tangut Wenhai Font:

BabelStone Tangut Wenhai is a Unicode Tangut font covering
3,061 of the 6,125 Tangut ideographs encoded in Unicode version 9.0
(released in June 2016). The glyphs are derived from the
3,064 head characters in the calligraphic facsimile reproduction of the
Sea of Writing [Wénhǎi 文海] text in
Wénhǎi Yánjiū 文海研究 [Study of the Sea of Writing] (Beijing, 1983) by
Shi Bojin 史金波 et al. This font also includes 442 of the 755
encoded Tangut components, but these are poorer quality compared with
the Tangut ideographs, and may be replaced with glyphs derived from the
Tangut ideographs in the future.
NB This font does not cover many common Tangut characters,
and so is not suitable for use in typesetting Tangut text in academic works.

Tangut Yinchuan Font:

Tangut Yinchuan v. 15.102 is a font for the Tangut script
that supports the full set of Tangut characters defined in
Unicode version 15.0 (Tangut, Tangut Supplement, Tangut Components code charts).
It is based on a font named XXZT (西夏字体 in Chinese) that was
designed by Prof. Jǐng Yǒngshí 景永时 of the
Beifang Ethnic University (北方民族大学) in Yinchuan. The original
font was used for typesetting the revised 2nd edition of the
Tangut-Chinese dictionary Xià-Hàn Zìdiǎn 夏漢字典 (Beijing, 2008)
by Prof. Li Fanwen

BabelStone Sani Yi PUA Font:

BabelStone Sani Yi is a PUA font covering characters in the Sani Yi script.
The font was created from scanned images of the hand-written characters in
Yí-Hàn Jiǎnmíng Cídiǎn 彝汉简明词典 [Concise Yi-Chinese Dictionary]
(Kunming: Yunnan Minzu Chubanshe, 1984). The quality of the resultant font
glyphs is generally quite poor. This font is not intended for use in typesetting
Yi text, but was created in order to facilitate work on the encoding of the
Sani Yi script in Unicode.
