PaleMoon (Web browser)

Pale Moon is an Open Source, Goanna-based web browser available for
Microsoft Windows and Linux (with other operating systems in development),
focusing on efficiency and ease of use. Make sure to get the most out
of your browser!

Pale Moon offers you a browsing experience in a browser completely
built from its own, independently developed source that has been forked
off from Firefox/Mozilla code, with carefully selected features and
optimizations to improve the browser's speed, resource use, stability
and user experience, while offering full customization and a growing
collection of extensions and themes to make the browser truly your own.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

This SlackBuild may conflict with a SlackBuild known, here at SBo, as
"palemoon"; which repackages binaries offically released by the Pale Moon
devs. This SlackBuild attempts to, compile, build, and package, Pale Moon,
Slackware style, in a manner that conforms to official Pale Moon Linux
releases; while, at the same time, providing useful and easy ways to deviate
if desired.

To package this version of Pale Moon for installation along side any other version of
Pale Moon, (such as the before mentioned version known here as "palemoon") pass the
script the parameter:
APPEND_VERSION_SUFFIX=yes

See http://docs.slackware.com/howtos:software:palemoon for additional
tips and help resources.

Using the Oxygen theme is known to cause Pale Moon to crash; if you are
experiencing crashes, and segfaults, make sure you are not using this theme;
or use Alienbob's patched oxygen-gtk2; which will fix this issue.
http://www.slackware.com/~alien/slackbuilds/oxygen-gtk2/build/
See the help doc link above for other creative tips and workarounds.

If you experience crashes when visiting some sites, notable yahoo.com,
using a different compiler will likely resolve these issues. Gcc-4.9.4
is most likely the "best" compiler to use. Some users report that compiling
with clang also resolves crashes. Both, clang and the default GCC Slackware
ships with, however, are unsupported; but may work. If gcc-4.9.4 is installed
and detected, the script will compile PaleMoon with it; however, if you pass
the script the variable CC=clang and CXX=clang++ (for example) the script will
atempt to compile PaleMoon using clang (replace clang and clang++ with
whatever compiler is desired, and present in the system). If you desire to
install and use gcc-4.9.4 (and need help), visit the wiki help link above.

If you are having issues with media such as h.264 html 5 video, make sure
ffmpeg is installed before compiling Pale Moon -- installing ffmpeg
afterwards may not work.

A native fork of FireFox's developer tools exists as an external add-on or
internally. Pale Moon by default ships with the developer tools internally;
if desired, do DEVTOOLS=no ./PaleMoon.SlackBuild to build Pale Moon without
them.

Pale Moon's default is to build, ship, and use its own internal dictionary;
if desired, however, do USE_SYSTEM_HUNSPELL=yes ./PaleMoon.SlackBuild, to
use the Slackware system Hunspell instead. This assumes you have dictionaries
such as hunspell-en or hunspell-es installed in /usr/share/hunspell -- the
location that a few SlackBuilds at SBo install them.

If your processor doesn't support sse2 instructions or you get segfaults,
try looking in the SlackBuild for the OPTIMIZE build option (eventually
refer to the Pale Moon developers for help).

To enable debug information, pass the script the parameter
ENABLE_DEBUG=yes
