pCloudDrive (pCloud client and drive mounter)

pCloud Drive allows you to use your files in the cloud as if they are
saved locally, but without taking hard disk space.

pCloud is one of the most secure and easy-to-use cloud storage
services. It's based in Switzerland giving the best level of privacy.
Unlike Dropbox, pCloud gives 10 GB of free cloud storage.

They have all the features you are familiar with like, download link
sharing, folder sharing, giving special permissions to people you
share with, setting passwords and expiration dates and even more.

pCloud also put no restrictions on the uploading size so you can
upload any type of file regardless of its size. There is no upload or
download limit either, and you can enjoy very high speeds.

Security is something for which pCloud is particularly famous. pCloud
offers top-level cloud encryption with its Crypto service designed to
secure the most sensitive information on any device of yours. All the
data locked by pCloud Crypto can only be unlocked by the unique key
which the account owner has, and no one else can even touch the secure
data.

pCloud features:
 * File management tools available to search and filter the files and
   folders
 * TLS/SSL encryption to securely transfer the data to pCloud servers
 * Automatic sync of all the files and folders across desktop and
   mobile devices for a seamless transition
 * Zero-knowledge privacy
 * Client-side encryption to keep the data secure in case your device
   gets lost
 * Previous versions of data available with pCloud Rewind which keeps
   everything for 30 days in case you remove anything accidentally
 * App for Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, and Android

Finally, if we talk about the plans of pCloud, you have the freedom
to choose between two different storage types — 500 GB and 2 TB —
with either the annual or lifetime subscription.

This script repackages an AppImage.

The download link is dynamic, so you will need to download app image
manually in your web browser.
