The third generation of Raphnet USB adapters has upgradable firmware
and offers advanced functionalities such as a configurable polling
frequency and N64 mempak access.

Since this is outside the scope of what a typical USB game controller
does, operating systems do not support those new functions. Development
of additional utilities was therefore necessary.

Those tools (both graphical and command-line based) are explained and
distributed on this page.

Features:
  * Adapter version display
  * Adapter firmware update
  * Displays the type of controller connected
  * Vibration test (N64 Rumble Pak and Gamecube vibration)
  * Read/Write N64 Controller Pak ("memory paks"), memory pak editor
  * N64 Transfer Pak support:
      * Read ROM from ROM-Only, MBC1, MBC2, MBC3, MBC5 and POCKET
        CAMERA gameboy cartridges.
      * Read/Write save RAM for MBC1, MBC2, MBC3, MBC5 and POCKET
        CAMERA gameboy cartridges.
  * Gamecube to N64 adapter management (firmware update, version
    display)

The management tool can perform a vibration/rumble test, can update an
adapter's firmware and perform read/write operations on N64 mempaks.
The built-in mempak editor supports common .N64 and .MPK mempak image
file formats. Downloading cheats from gamefaqs and using them on the
real N64 system is therefore possible! The editor also supports
importing and exporting individual saves (notes) in separate files.

The adapter update function asks you to select the firmware .hex file
and does a few checks to prevent mistakes (ex: Installing an
incompatible firmware). Once the file is selected, clicking "Start
update" is all there is to do. If everything goes well (please, do not
disconnect anything!) after a few moments the Update successful window
should confirm the update.

The command-line tools are very useful if you appreciate simplicity
and efficiency. They are available in the tools/ subdirectory of the
source code.

The mempak tool makes it possible to convert mempak image files (.MPK
to/from .N64), display and manipulate the content (add/remove/export/
import notes), etc. Note that these tools operate on files and never
access a physical mempak. To read/write a real mempak, use gcn64ctl or
the graphical tool.

If the tool does not detect your adapter despite it being properly
connected, the most likely cause is that your user does not have the
required permissions to access it.

Running the tool as root would work, but it is a very bad practise.
Not recommended. Configuring udev to give your user the appropriate
permissions is much cleaner. Rules files are provided and installed
as part of the build script. The plugdev group is used upstream, so
make sure the user you want to grant access to is part of this group.

Firmware files are included for all supported devices, they are
located at: /usr/share/gcn64tools/firmwares
