LizardFS is a highly scalable, fault-tolerant, POSIX-compatible, FUSE-based,
high performance distributed filesystem, licensed under GNU General Public
License version 3.

LizardFS is an implementation of GoogleFS, and a fork of the earlier project,
MooseFS.  LizardFS supports writable snapshots (instant copies), undeleting
files, automatic data rebalancing, self-healing, data tiering, periodic data
patrols and many more.

LizardFS system consists of a master server, one or more metadata logging
servers (meta loggers), and many chunk servers, that store the data on their
locally-attached drives.  Both meta loggers and chunk servers can be added and
removed without restarting the master server.

Filesystem metadata is stored on the master server (and constantly replicated
to meta loggers), whereas filesystem data is divided into chunks and spread as
files over chunk servers, according to pre-defined 'goals', which can be set
on file-, directory-, or filesystem level.  A goal can be an n-way mirroring
goal, n+1 xor-ed goal (each chunk divided into n parts and xor-ed to calculate
one part of redundancy), or more sophisticated, erasure code based n+k
redundancy, where n parts of each chunk are backed by k parts of redundancy
data.

A set of administrative commands exists to support querying and setting
redundancy goals and trash preservation time.  LizardFS is admin-friendly since
any missing chunks can be provided from any sort of backup to any running
chunk server.

This package contains all binaries needed to run LizardFS system: mfsmaster,
mfsmetalogger, mfschunkserver, as well as lizardfs-cgiserver (web-based
monitoring console).

You need an "mfs" user and group prior to building lizardfs.  Something like
this will suffice for most systems:
  groupadd -g 353 mfs
  useradd -u 353 -g 353 -d /var/lib/mfs mfs
Feel free to use a different uid and gid if desired, but 353 is recommended to
avoid conflicts with other stuff from SlackBuilds.org.

It is also advisable to make name 'mfsmaster' pointing at your Master server
across your network.  It is not strictly required, but it will make things much
easier.  If you are unable to configure your DNS server, adding this line to
/etc/hosts on each master, metalogger, chunkserver, and client machines will
do:

a.b.c.d    mfsmaster    mfsmaster.my-domain.ext

where a.b.c.d is an IP address of your master server.

Then on each node add '/etc/rc.d/rc.lizardfs start' to /etc/rc.d/rc.local (or
wherever you find appropriate), and use '/etc/rc.d/rc.lizardfs setup' to
configure which services should run on the server.  Since most installations
consists mostly of chunkservers, rc.lizardfs-chunkserver is marked executable
by default (but will not run until rc.lizardfs-chunkserver or rc.lizardfs is
added to rc.local, so no need to worry).
