Blender is an integrated suite of free and open source tools enabling
the creation of a broad range of 3D content with the singular
benefits of cross-platform interoperability. It can be used to create
3D visualizations, stills as well as broadcast and cinema quality
video. It features fully integrated creation suite, offering a broad
range of essential tools for the creation of 3D content, including
modeling, uv-mapping, texturing, particle and other simulation,
scripting, rendering, compositing, post-production and game creation.

Installation of Blender and its dependent packages implies disk usage
approaching 750M. This can increase dramatically with the inclusion of
various optional dependencies. For instance, if libheif and openvdb
packages are added (see below) the installation size is 1,735.41 MB.

CUDA support is included if cudatoolkit is installed.
It may be disabled by passing CUDA=no when building:
    CUDA=no bash ./Blender.SlackBuild

CUDA support hasn't been thorougly tested, and may break the build. If
so, build with CUDA=no and report a bug to the maintainer of this
script.

Optional dependency: embree. If installed, Blender will be built with
support for it. It may be disabled by passing EMBREE=no when building:
    EMBREE=no bash ./Blender.SlackBuild

Note for 32-bit users: embree is 64-bit only, and can't be built on
32-bit Slackware.

Optional dependency: alembic-framework. If already installed, it will
be automatically detected and incorporated when Blender is built.

To enable support for OptiX Ray Tracing Engine, the OptiX SDK must be
available in the build environment. Use the OPTIX_ROOT_DIR environment
variable to identify the SDK location e.g.
    OPTIX_ROOT_DIR=/home/chris/NVIDIA-OptiX-SDK-7.6.0-linux64-x86_64 bash ./Blender.SlackBuild

Optional dependency: OpenShadingLanguage (OSL). If already installed,
it will be automatically detected and incorporated when Blender is built.
Due to an unresolved issue with the current OSL version, generation of
the blender manpage is suppressed when OSL is detected.

Support for HEIF and AVIF image file formats are available through
optional inclusion of the libheif package when building openimageio.
This adds approximately 775M to the size of the Blender installation.

Management and tools for manipulation and storage of "volumetric data",
such as fog, clouds and "point cloud" in scientific data are available
through optional inclusion of the openvdb package when building
openimagio. This adds just over 250M to the total size of the Blender
installation.

This SlackBuild builds Blender from source code. For Slackware 15.0,
due to its Python 3 version of 3.9.17, the Blender version to be built
is restricted to version 3.3.10.

See also: graphics/blender (note, lowercase B), which repackages the
official Blender x86_64 release binary.
