System for Automated Geoscientific Analyses (SAGA) is a Geographic 
Information System software with immense capabilities for geodata 
processing and analysis.

SAGA supports the implementation of new functions with an effective 
API. Functions are organised as modules in framework independent 
Module Libraries and can be accessed via SAGA's Graphical User 
Interface or various scripting environments (shell scripts, Python, 
R and so on).

SAGA can use these optional autodetected dependencies enabled if they 
are found in the system: 
libharu, OpenMP, OpenCV, qhull, vigra, pdal, postgresql/postgis, 
libLAS, proj, hdf5. Previous issues given with OpenCV version 4 or 
greater and vigra seem solved in last versions of SAGA.

WARNINGS:
1) Unlike earlier versions of SAGA, the build of last versions 
   requires wxGTK3 => 3.1 that is not available in Slackbuilds.org at 
   the moment. If you want to build this version of SAGA you have to 
   install the package wxWidgets (also available in Slackbuilds.org).
   If you have both wxGTK3 and wxWidgets installed in your system,
   make sure that wxWidgets is installed after wxGTK.
2) SAGA requires an ODBC driver in the system. It works both with 
   iODBC (installed with the libiodbc package (included in Slackware 
   15.0) and unixODBC (installed from the SBo's slackbuild). The build 
   first searches for unixODBC then for iODBC. It fails if any driver 
   is found. These drivers are in conflict so, if you have installed 
   and then removed unixODBC, please make sure to reinstall libiodbc. 
   You should also consider that a package prebuilt in a Slackware 
   with unixODBC should not be installed in a system with iODBC (and 
   vice versa).
3) unixODBC is a required dependency in 32 bit systems: the source 
   code of SAGA conflicts with the code of a libiodbc header 
   (/usr/include/iodbcunix.h) and the build fails. This issue can be 
   overcome by installing unixODBC from the SBo's slackbuild.
4) For current users: the build of Python bindings fails since the
   upgrade of swig package to version 4.2 in current (January 2024).
   Therefore Saga with support to Python will be disabled in current
   if the version of swig installed is earlier than 4.0.2. If you
   require the support to Python you must downgrade swig to the version
   released in Slackware 15.0.
