redditsans (Reddit Sans True Type Fonts)

The typeface of the Internet, Reddit Sans is a sans serif family
available in 5 weights with true italics. Reddit Sans letterforms were
chosen for legibility and distinctiveness, pairing humanist
characteristics with a geometric base. Humanist sans-serif typefaces
have roots in hand-drawn lettering, giving them warmth and personality,
while geometric typefaces focus on practicality and simplicity, making
them ideal for information delivery.

Reddit Sans has clear, understandable letterforms which maintain some of
the warm eclectic nature of online discourse. It’s designed to be
incredibly versatile with a large x-height for readability, and
disambiguated letterforms for rapid identification. The slash, such a
key part of the internet's syntax, is foundational to the design of
Reddit Sans. In Reddit Sans, the slash's 67.5º angle is repeated
throughout the letterforms, giving them a distinct, contemporary
appearance.

We connect people of all ages and abilities, so special attention was
paid to accessibility features of Reddit Sans. In particular, we chose a
large x-height to make characters easily legible even at small sizes,
and included rounded bowls to make characters like o, p, d, and p
easily recognizable when scanning text. To aid character recognition
further for people with dyslexia, we made sure to disambiguate
characters that can be easily confused, such as capital 'I' and
lowercase 'l' as well as ensuring that characters like 'b' and 'd' or
'u' and 'n' are not simply rotated or flipped variations of one another.
Dots on characters like 'I' and 'j' are fully round, helping
differentiate them from the uppercase. And Reddit Sans' unique 'r' shape
ensures that the 'rn' pairing is not easily mistaken for an 'm'.

The fonts include more than 1,000 glyphs. This character set includes
support for the Google Fonts Latin Core, Latin Plus, Latin Pro and Latin
Expert glyph sets, excluding the small capitals and discretionary
ligatures from the Expert set. It also contains a small number of
additional glyphs and stylistic sets. The range covers Western and
Central European language, Vietnamese, currencies, alternate numerals,
math symbols and units of measure, Latin general use extensions,
superiors and inferiors, spacing modifiers, typographic spaces,
additional punctuation (with case alternates), numerators and
denominators, fractions, arrows and geometric shapes. Reddit Sans
includes support for over 100 languages.
