snes9x (Super Nintendo Entertainment System emulator)

Snes9x is a portable, freeware Super Nintendo Entertainment System
(SNES) emulator. It basically allows you to play most games designed
for the SNES and Super Famicom Nintendo game systems on your PC or
Workstation. The games include some real gems that were only ever
released in Japan.

This package includes both snes9x (the command-line build) and
snes9x-gtk (with graphical user interface).

When you first run snes9x-gtk:

- The first thing you'll want to do is configure the controls. By
  default there are *no* controls set up; you'll be unable to play any
  games! The config is under Options -> Preferences, in the Joypads
  tab. You can configure either keyboard or joystick/gamepad controls,
  but not both.

- If the game audio is choppy or distorted, try setting the
  sound driver to Pulse or ALSA (Options -> Preferences -> Sound
  tab). Specifically, avoid SDL audio. PortAudio support may be
  included (it's an optional dependency), but so far as I can tell,
  offers no advantage.

Notes:

- The package can optionally include the snes9x libretro core, for use
  with RetroArch. By default, the core will be built if RetroArch is
  installed. You can set RETROARCH=yes to force the core to be built,
  or RETROARCH=no to forcibly disable the core. Note that RetroArch
  doesn't have to be installed to build the libretro core, but it's
  useless without RetroArch installed. Also note: the libretro core
  builds, but has not been tested by the SlackBuild author. If it
  works for you, let me know so I can update this README.

- OSS audio is disabled by default. Most users won't be affected,
  since PulseAudio is now the default audio system on Slackware, and
  ALSA is the fallback option. If you *need* OSS support, set OSS=yes
  in the script's environment.

- PulseAudio is enabled by default. You can disable it with PULSE=no
  in the environment.

- portaudio is an optional dependency. It's autodetected at build time,
  but you can disable it with PORTAUDIO=no in the environment. I have
  no idea why anyone would want to built snes9x with portaudio, but
  do whatever you decide to do.
