LibreOffice is a powerful office suite; its clean interface and powerful tools
let you unleash your creativity and grow your productivity. LibreOffice embeds
several applications that make it the most powerful Free & Open Source Office
suite on the market: Writer, the word processor, Calc, the spreadsheet
application, Impress, the presentation engine, Draw, our drawing and
flowcharting application, Base, our database and database frontend,
and Math for editing mathematics.

This SlackBuild builds the entire project from its source code. In seeking a
fully functional LibreOffice, most optional features are included by default.
Build time environment variables that may set to vary features are as follows.
1. enable (disabled by default) the experimental VLC avmedia backend with:
	VLC="yes"
2. disable (enabled by default) use of avahi with:
	AVAHI="no"
3. support additional languages by overriding the LOLANGS variable, whose
   default setting is LOLANGS="de es fr id it ja nl vi zh-CN". Note that en-US
   is always added to whatever LOLANGS is set. Thus building with, for example,
      LOLOANGS="de" sh LibreOffice
   would build LibreOffice with support for german and US english languages.

For performance reasons, this Slackbuild sets GTK2 to be used at runtime.
Alternatives (gen, gtk3, kde4) may still be used by setting SAL_USE_VCLPLUGIN
in the user environment.

Spell checking of documents at runtime requires installation of a suitable
wordlist for the language concerned. This can be achieved in either of two
ways:
1. Build & install hunspell-en (or hunspell-es, hunspell.pl) from SBo
2. Search for the desired language distionary at:
   http://extensions.libreoffice.org/extension-center?getCategories=Dictionary
and download the relevant file e.g. dict-en.oxt. Now open LO's extension
manager and press the "Add..." button which will open a file browser with which
to locate and open the downloaded .oxt file. The new distionary will now appear
in the Extension Manager.
