VLC media player is a free and open source media player and multi-
media framework written by the VideoLAN project. VLC is a portable
multimedia player, encoder, and streamer supporting many audio and
video codecs and file formats as well as DVDs, VCDs, and various
streaming protocols. It is able to stream over networks and to
transcode multimedia files and save them into various formats.

This build aims to support as many options as possible using
the SlackBuilds listed in the REQUIRES field of the vlc.info file.
No script changes are necessary to include particular options; if they
are detected at build time, they will be included. Conversely if
optional packages are not available at build time, vlc will generally
continue to build with a reduced feature set.

Support for OpenCV is supported using either the "default" opencv
package or the opencv-legacy package (version 3.1.0) from SBo. Either
package will be detected and used if already installed. If opencv support
is not wanted despite the presence of opencv or opencv-legacy, it can be
explicitly disabled by setting the the OPENCV environment variable
to "no" e.g.
  OPENCV=no sh vlc.SlackBuild

Support for Wayland is a special case. It is not supported by default
but can be enabled setting the WAYLAND environment variable to "yes"
when running the SlackBuild e.g.
  WAYLAND=yes sh vlc.SlackBuild
This support also requires additional SBo packages wayland-egl and
wayland-protocols. It also depends on the qt5 package having been
built with wayland support i.e. wayland package was installed when the
qt5 package was built.

By default, the vlc runtime is not able to be run as root. This
security feature may be side stepped by building vlc with the RUNASROOT
environment variable set e.g.
  RUNASROOT=yes sh vlc.SlackBuild

Playing of AV1 encoded video is supported when either of SBo's
multimedia/aom or libraries/dav1d packages is detected when vlc is built.
One of these is expected to become required in a future release.
Some versions of the automatically detected optional aom package are
incompatible with this version of vlc and in this case the build will
fai. This can be avoided by setting the AOM environment variable to "no"
e.g.
  AOM=no sh vlc.SlackBuild

Please advise the maintainer to suggest support for any further options.


*NOTES*
- the qt4 interface seems not to be working ATM so the qt5 one is
  enabled by default: this means qt5 is a new mandatory dependency
