Xrdp provides a fully functional Linux terminal server, capable of accepting 
connections from rdesktop and Microsoft's own terminal server/remote desktop 
clients.  Xrdp uses Xvnc or X11rdp (which are installed separately) to manage
the X session.  This means a RDP client can connect to a VNC server on the 
xrdp server machine in addition to the RDP server.  Xrdp can also act as a 
bridging server, allowing RDP clients to connect to other RDP or VNC servers 
through the xrdp server.

Xvnc can be installed by installing tightvnc (available on SlackBuilds.org).
X11rdp can be compiled and installed by following the directions in the 
thread at http://tinyurl.com/2ufoz2 (link to LinuxQuestions.org).

By default, this script will make xrdp without PAM support since PAM is not 
installed in Slackware by default.  The script supports building with PAM,
but it is completely untested by us.  If you want to enable PAM, run the
script as follows:
	USE_PAM=YES ./xrdp.SlackBuild

After installing xrdp there are some configuration files in /etc/xrdp that 
can be modified.  sesman.ini has some useful options to take note of such as 
the ability to allow xrdp use by only a certain group and to specify the log 
location (the default log location has been changed to /var/log/sesman.log).  
xrdp.ini should be modified so that you have the options you want at the 
server login screen. For instance, if you want xrdp's default options to be 
like those of a Windows RDP server then change xrdp.ini so that the default 
set of options under [xrdp1] corresponds to sesman-X11rdp.  Similarly, you 
might want to change the options (eg. port number) for VNC (listed as 
"console" by default).  The man page for xrdp.ini has more details on the 
file.

/etc/xrdp/xrdp-xinitrc by default loads KDE during a X11rdp session.  Change 
this as desired to load a different DE/WM.  A similar script can be executed 
on a per-user basis by creating an executable script at ~/.xrdp-xinitrc.  A 
utility program, xrdp-xwmconfig, is included to allow you to use your xinit 
scripts during X11rdp sessions.  It works just like xwmconfig, so run it as 
root to set the global default, or run it as a normal user to set only the 
default for that user.  See the sesman.ini man page for details about 
defining different names or locations for the X11rdp startup scripts.
