Installing/Maintaining an updated Chrome Browser on Slackware is
now easier with this small program, "google-chrome-the-latest".
It is a simple python script that checks what is the latest
version available and updates it on your Slackware box.

It identifies a new version by parsing the web-page at
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/the-latest-version/chrome
and comparing with the chrome version number currently installed.
Chrome is then downloaded directly from Google site, converted to
txz using the standard rpm2txz command, and upgraded.

You can run this script manually or automatically with the
provided cron.hourly script. The cron script will attempt to
identify which user to notify, otherwise you can edit it and set
the variable USERNAME=’your username’

In order to avoid excessive hits on whatismybrowser.com actual
checks are limited to "once a day", but you can bypass this with the
arguments "install", "upgrade" or "update". These all mean then
same and imply a download from Google and perform an install or
an upgrade, if one is required of course.
Normally it is asked if you want to install the new version, but
providing the argument "silent" will just update with no
human intervention.
The argument "gui" will download the Chrome RPM allowing you to
manually upgrade the browser.

Note: This program runs in the background.  To collect your input,
dialogs appear and disappear. Don't be alarmed and wait for the
program to end.

Workflows:

1. Every day the program checks if a new browser is available
   and notifies you through a pop-up window. This is default behavior.

2. You can start the program manually using the icon available
   in the desktop menu to trigger the download, check and
   install/upgrade the browse if required.

3. From the command line, if you don't have yet Chrome installed
   you can do so by simply by running:
   /opt/google-chrome-the-latest/google-chrome-the-latest.py install

4. From the command line, you can force a Chrome download and
   upgrade if required, without any pop-up window, with:
   /opt/google-chrome-the-latest/google-chrome-the-latest.py \
     silent upgrade
