Exercism clie is a cli tool to solve exercises on exercism.

Solving exercises on your local machine allows you to do all the
coding in an environment you're familiar with.

Installing the CLI

To solve an Exercise on your local machine, you first need to install
and configure the Exercism Command Line Interface using these
instructions.

Configuration

You need to tell the CLI who you are so we can download things
correctly. You can find your token in your settings page. You can then
configure the CLI using the following, replacing <your-api-token> for
the value on the settings page:

exercism configure --token=<your-api-token>

Downloading the Exercise

Once installed, you can use the CLI to download the exercise to your
local machine using the following command (replacing <exercise-slug>
and <track-slug> with the relevant values:

exercism download --exercise=<exercise-slug> --track=<track-slug>

You don't have to remember this command structure, as the exercise
page lists the appropriate command for that exercise.

Once the download command has finished, the exercise's files will be
downloaded to your local machine.

Solving the Exercise

The goal of each exercise is to create an implementation that passes
all the tests. Such an implementation is known as a solution.

To help you with that, each exercise contains the following files:

README.md: the instructions that explain what is expected of you

HELP.md: information on how to run the tests and how to get help when
you're stuck

HINTS.md (optional): hints to help solve the exercise

Test file(s): they contain the tests that verify your solution's
correctness

Stub file(s): they provide a starting point to help you get started
with building your implementation

Depending on the track, there might be other files that the track
tooling requires for the tests to run.

Submitting your Solution

Once your solution passes all the tests, you can submit your solution
using the following command:

exercism submit <implementation_file_paths>

This command will upload your solution to the Exercism website and
print the solution page's URL.

Once again, you don't have to remember this command, as the exercise's
HELP.md file will list the correct command.

It's possible to submit an incomplete solution which allows you to:

See how others have completed the exercise
Request help from a mentor
Other CLI functionality
Seeing all the commands
Run the help subcommand to get the full list of available commands.

exercism help
