About Geospiza (http://www.geospiza.com/Company/default.shtml)

Geospiza is a leading developer of enterprise-class software systems
for workflow management of genetic analysis.

Geospiza has established itself as the life science industry’s top 
software developer for meeting the combined laboratory, data 
management and analytical needs of biotechnology and pharmaceutical 
companies, universities, researchers, contract core and diagnostic 
laboratories involved in genetic testing and manufacturing bio-
therapeutics.

The life sciences field is rapidly evolving beyond sequencing genomes 
for pure research to developing clinically relevant initiatives such 
as understanding what genetic information is useful for drug 
development, determining drug efficacy, toxicity screening and 
diagnosing infectious agents.

This expansion of the field is resulting in a dramatic increase in the
amount of data that must be managed by genetic testing laboratories 
and research institutions. Underscoring this growth is the desire by 
the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and the broader healthcare 
community to match drugs more specifically to a person's individual 
genetic profile. The FDA is expected to focus on the sensitivity and 
accuracy of these new diagnostics, thereby increasing the need for 
verifiable, repeatable processes for testing.

Today, the amount of manual work required to manage and make sense of 
the vast amounts of genetic information being generated by clinical 
and life science research laboratories worldwide is tremendous. In 
order to be able to scale to meet this increased demand and scrutiny 
in a cost-effective way, automated solutions are required.

Geospiza makes software for crunching the vast amounts of genetic 
data. When a laboratory uses GeneSifter Lab Edition, they are able to 
significantly increase capacity, reduce their backlog, eliminate 
errors due to manual processes, and speed time to discovery. The 
software is being used today worldwide by leading institutions and 
laboratories for everything from clinical DNA testing and bio-
therapeutic manufacturing to contract core lab services and basic 
research and discovery.

Geospiza's products are designed and built by biologists, enabling 
researchers to focus on the science, not the software.
	

More Information
info.geospiza@perkinelmer.com
Call (206) 633-4403.

©Copyright 2013 PerkinElmer, Inc. All rights reserved. 
