Privacy Policy (http://www.geospiza.com/privacy.shtml)

Geospiza requires customers who register to use its Services to 
provide contact information, such as name, company name, address, 
phone number, and e-mail address. At the time you express interest in
attaining additional information, or when you register for a Service,
we may also ask for additional personal information, such as title,
department name, fax number, or additional company information as well
as billing name and address, credit card number or purchase order
number, and the number of users within the organization that will be
using the Service.

Geospiza uses the information that is collected to set up these
accounts for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the
information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest
in our company, its Services, and to send information regarding our
company or partners, such as promotions and events. Customers are
invited to receive an email newsletter by providing an email address.
Customer email addresses and any personal customer information will
not be distributed or shared with third parties. Customers can opt out
of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at
any time by sending an email to gpz.support@perkinelmer.com. 

Separately, customers are also asked to provide an email address when
registering for the Service, in order to receive a username and 
password. We may also email information regarding updates to Services
or company, and will send a Customer Newsletter. Again, email will not
be distributed or shared and customers can opt out of receiving any 
communication by emailing gpz.support@perkinelmer.com at the time it
is distributed, or at the time any customer registers for a Service.

Customers of the Service will be using the Service to host data and
information ("Data"). Geospiza will not review, share, distribute,
print, or reference any such Data except as provided in the Service’s
Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law.
Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the
purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation
of the Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law.
Of course, customers are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality and security of their user registration and password.

©Copyright 2013 PerkinElmer, Inc. All rights reserved.
